Add note about `bfconvert` and New TIFF Pyramid Spec (#320)
hms-dbmi/viv: tutorial/README.md

$ raw2ometiff n5_tile_directory/ LuCa-7color_Scan1.ome.tif
```

`LZW` is the default if you do not specify a `--compression` option (the syntax requires an "=" sign, like `--compression=zlib`).

You may also use the [standard Bioformats tool (Bioformats >= 6.0.0), `bfconvert`](https://docs.openmicroscopy.org/bio-formats/6.4.0/users/comlinetools/conversion.html)
to generate your image pyramid.

```bash
$ bfconvert -tilex 512 -tiley 512 -pyramid-resolutions 6 -pyramid-scale 2  -compression LZW LuCa-7color_Scan1.qptiff LuCa-7color_Scan1.ome.tif
```

> All of the arguments `-tilex 512, -tiley 512 -pyramid-resolutions 6 -pyramid-scale 2` are necessary. The `-pyramid-scale` argument must be 2, the tile sizes must be identical (ideally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the above arguments are necessary except for `-compression` which is optional (default uncompressed). In order for an image to be compatible with Viv:

 - `-pyramid-scale` must be 2
 - `-tilex` must equal `-tiley` (ideally a power of 2)
 - `-pyramid-resolutions` must be computed using the image dimensions and tile size. For example, for a `4096 x 4096` with tile size of `512`, `3 = log2(ceil(4096 / 512))` resolutions should work well.
```
